Update documentation for Gosub and Reference (#499)
kendraio/kendraio-app: docs/workflow/blocks/actions.rst

  - **label** (string) - the text for the button label
  - **id** (string) - the unique identifier for the button

>   - **color** (string) - passed as the “color” attribute to the material button. Use one of the supportedMaterial color values, such as “primary”, “warn”, “accent”. Leave as “default” to use the default button styling for a plain button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **color** (string) - passed as the “color” attribute to the material button. Use one of the supported Material colour values, such as “primary”, “warn”, “accent”. Leave as “default” to use the default button styling for a plain button.
```
